f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\bin\Debug\projeyapma.exe.config
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.girisekran.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.Properties.Resources.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\bin\Debug\projeyapma.exe
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\bin\Debug\projeyapma.pdb
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.exe
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.pdb
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.kaydol.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.anasayfa.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.uyeekle.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.uyeduzenle.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.uyeliste.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.bookduzenle.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.kitapekle.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.booklist.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.emanetlerıshowme.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.givebook.resources
f:\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.takebookss.resources
F:\OneDrive\Masaüstü\projeyapma\projeyapma\bin\Debug\projeyapma.exe.config
F:\OneDrive\Masaüstü\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.exe
F:\OneDrive\Masaüstü\projeyapma\projeyapma\obj\Debug\projeyapma.pdb
